Update spec language to support pushing multiple tags at once (#600)
opencontainers/distribution-spec: spec.md

```

The `<location>` is a pullable manifest URL.
The Docker-Content-Digest header returns the canonical digest of the uploaded blob, and MUST be equal to the client provided digest.
Clients MAY ignore the value but if it is used, the client SHOULD verify the value against the uploaded blob data.

When pushing a manifest by digest, the registry MAY support the pushing of tags specified by addition of `tag` query parameters.
If a registry supports this, it:

1. MUST support pushing at least 10 tags at once

> 1. MAY return a `414 Request-URI Too Long` status if more than 10 tags are pushed.

Reviewer: MUST feels a bit strong to me. My preference is for a SHOULD.

```suggestion
1. SHOULD support pushing at least 10 tags per request.
1. MAY return a `414 Request-URI Too Long` status if too many tags are included in the request.
```

> 1. For each tag that was successfully pushed, include an `OCI-Tag` response header in accordance with [RFC 2616 (section 4.2)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2) semantics

Reviewer: Slight reword and using rfc-editor.org for consistency with other parts of the spec, and pointing to the most recent version of the RFC:

```suggestion
1. MUST include an `OCI-Tag` response header, in accordance with [RFC 9110 (section 5)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110#name-fields) semantics, for each accepted tag.
```

Clients MAY see other status codes (`431 Request Header Fields Too Large`) depending on the registry implementation.

For example, if the client pushed a manifest with the following tags:
```
PUT /v2/<name>/manifests/<digest>?tag=1.2.3&tag=1.2&tag=1&tag=latest 
```

> The server would respond with the following header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server could respond with the following headers:
```

```

> OCI-Tag: 1.2.3, 1.2, 1, latest

Reviewer 2: Should we do something with this example to make the RFC 2616 semantics more obvious at a glance?  So that we don't get implementations that choke if every tag is a completely separate header, for example?

> OCI-Tag: 1.2.3, 1.2, 1, latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCI-Tag: 1.2.3, 1.2, 1
OCI-Tag: latest
```

The Docker-Content-Digest header returns the canonical digest of the uploaded blob, and MUST be equal to the client provided digest.
Clients MAY ignore the value but if it is used, the client SHOULD verify the value against the uploaded blob data.

When pushing a manifest by digest, the registry MAY support the pushing of tags specified by addition of `tag` query 

> parameters. If a registry supports this, it MUST:

Reviewer: Nit, line break on the sentences:

```suggestion
When pushing a manifest by digest, the registry MAY support the pushing of tags specified by addition of `tag` query parameters.
If a registry supports this, it MUST:
```

> 1. Not limit the number of tags that can be pushed at once.

Author: I updated it to support 10 (still under a 1kb max URI), and defined additional error codes.

The Docker-Content-Digest header returns the digest of the uploaded blob, and MUST be equal to the client provided digest.
Clients MAY ignore the value but if it is used, the client SHOULD verify the value against the uploaded blob data.

When pushing a manifest by digest, the registry MAY support the pushing of tags specified by addition of `tag` query parameters.
If a registry supports this, it:

1. SHOULD support pushing at least 10 tags per request.
1. MAY return a `414 Request-URI Too Long` status if too many tags are included in the request.

> 1. MUST include an `OCI-Tag` response header, in accordance with [RFC 9110 (section 5)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110#name-fields) semantics, for each accepted tag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. MUST include `OCI-Tag` field line(s) in a field section in the response header, in accordance with [RFC 9110 (section 5)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110#name-fields) semantics, for each accepted tag.
```

Reviewer: The phrase "field line(s) in a field section in the response header" is confusing to me. Is that phrasing used elsewhere? Otherwise, my personal preference is to keep the PR suggested text.

Clients MAY see other status codes (`431 Request Header Fields Too Large`) depending on the registry implementation.

For example, if the client pushed a manifest with the following tags:
```
PUT /v2/<name>/manifests/<digest>?tag=1.2.3&tag=1.2&tag=1&tag=latest 
```

> The server could respond with the following headers:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The server could respond with the following `OCI-Tag` field line(s) in the response header:
```

```
OCI-Tag: 1.2.3, 1.2, 1
OCI-Tag: latest
```

> 

Reviewer 3: In this example, the field value for "OCI-Tag" is the list "1.2.3, 1.2, 1, latest"

Author: Updated to finish out the example with the expected response
